fix: random_string() alpha alnum nozero (#7344)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/helpers/text_helper.rst

    Generates a random string based on the type and length you specify.
    Useful for creating passwords or generating random hashes.

>     .. warning:: Except for type **alpha**, **alnum**, **numeric**, **nozero**,
>         and **crypto**, no cryptographically secure
>         strings are generated. Therefore, it must not be used for cryptographic
>         purposes or purposes that requires return values to be unguessable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. warning:: For types: **md5**,  and **sha1**, generated strings are no 
        cryptographically secure. Therefore, these types cannot be used for cryptographic
        purposes or purposes requiring unguessable return values.
```

Author: Added **basic** and updated: 80ea505d28d590fee553602e583ffe10f593da2d

Reviewer: Thanks!
